Svitlana Iefremova 
Email:   yefremovasveta@gmail.com 
 Skype:                      yefremovasveta 
OBJECTIVE 
Presently looking for a suitable position as Front-end developer in reputable and successful company. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
September 2014 - 
present time
Krusche&Company 
Projects: 
Bayer (March 2015 - present time) 
- Interpreted graphic visual or interaction designs in HTML, CSS. 
- Made the site responsive and friendlier to small devices. 
- Improved existing code quality and code refactoring. 
Technologies: Grunt, PHP, Bootstrap, HTML, SASS. 
Lidl (November 2015 - December 2015) 
- Interpreted graphic visual or interaction designs in HTML, CSS. 
- Debugged and built code that works across multiple browsers and digital platforms. 
- Web development the client-side code using Angular.js. 
- Worked in close collaboration with team to implement new features. 
Technologies: Grunt, Angular.js, Bootstrap, HTML, LESS, Flexbox. 
Comm-it  (May 2015 – August 2015) 
- Debugged and built code that works across multiple browsers and digital platforms. 
- Interpreted graphic visual or interaction designs in HTML, CSS. 
Technologies: Grunt, npm, Angular.js, Bootstrap, jQuery, HTML, LESS. 
SafeBeyond  (April 2015 – September 2015) 
- Interpreted graphic visual or interaction designs in HTML, CSS. 
- Made the site responsive and friendlier to small devices. 
Technologies: Liferay,  JavaScript,  jQuery, HTML, SASS. 
Homepage (December 2014 – present time) 
- Web development the client-side code using Meteor.js with cutting edge HTML5 and 
CSS3 techniques. 
- Created the client-side structure of  the code, handled project from start. 
- Worked with designers to create pixel-perfect templates and sliced images. 
- Wrote clean, well organized and fully documented code, improved existing code 
quality and code refactoring. 
- Applied graceful degradation and progressive enhancement to support all mobile web 
browsers. 
- Supported for  the project during all time. 
Technologies: Meteor.js, jQuery, HTML, LESS. 
BCC (September 2014 – December 2014) 
- Interpreted graphic visual or interaction designs in HTML, CSS. 
- Programmed interaction with JavaScript and a library such as jQuery. 
- Created, edited or modified templates for Liferay. 
Technologies: Liferay, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, HTML, SASS. 
inTouch (September 2014 – December 2014) 
- Built the client-side code for page application with HTML and CSS. 
- Debugged and built code that works across multiple browsers and digital platforms. 
- Worked in close collaboration with team to implement new features. 
Technologies: Grunt, npm, Backbone.js, Require.js, Underscore.js, HTML, LESS.
PERSONAL SUMMARY 
A results focused individual who is possessing: 
PROFESSIONAL SKILLS 
EDUCATION 
ACHIEVEMENTS 
December 2013 -   
September 2014
Totalcan  (Advertising and PR Services) 
Activities: 
- Worked closely with web designers and translated their designs into websites and 
interactive experiences.  
- Created visually appealing web pages or interfaces. 
- Tested cross-browser, cross-platform, and cross-device compatibility for inconsistencies. 
- Created, edited or modified templates for a CMS or web development framework. 
- Coordinated with team to develop innovative solutions. 
- Monitored and ensured high quality control on both designs and code for website. 
strong knowledge and experience with СSS3, HTML5; 
expert experience with LESS, SASS/COMPASS, BEM method, Bootstrap, Flexbox; 
cross browser compatibility and adaptive coding; 
expert experience with responsive web design techniques; 
experience in coding JavaScript, jQuery; 
good practice of coding in Meteor.js, basics of Angular.js; 
experience developing in  Liferay (CMS); 
Git/Subversion; 
good understanding of segment automation of development processes (gulp, grunt); 
experience in Jira (Agile), Redmine; 
strong knowledge of Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Sketch.
The ability to prioritize tasks and to meet deadlines; 
The ability to understand someone else's code; 
Communication; 
Ability to work in a team; 
The ability to think creatively.
September 2006- 
June 2011
Kyiv National University of Trade and Economics 
Direction: trade. Specialization: expertise of goods and services. Degree: Master with 
honors diploma.
October 2012- 
February 2013
Training Center “CONTACT” 
Specialization: web design. Degree: A certificate of completion. 
Finalist of championship of web development EU Web Challenge - Open Polish Web 
Development Championship 2015 in the category Front-end Developer (middle/senior). 
Finalist of Ukrainian championship of web development UA Web Challenge VII 2015 in 
the category Front-end Developer (middle/senior). 
Participant of  championship of web development DOU Hackathon 2015. 
Semifinalist of Ukrainian championship of web development UA Web Challenge VI 2014 
in the category Front-end Developer (junior).
